[Blazor] OverridingParameters - ShowMoreExpander, ToggleExpander (#31999)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components/overwriting-parameters.md

:::moniker-end

> [!NOTE]

> > The revised `ShowMoreExpander` doesn't reflect changes to the `InitiallyExpanded` parameter after initialization (`OnInitialized`). In certain scenarios, an already initialized component might receive new parameter values. This can happen, for example, in a master-detail view where the same component is used to render different detail views, or when the `/item/{id}` route parameter changes to display a different item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The revised `ShowMoreExpander` doesn't reflect changes to the `InitiallyExpanded` parameter after initialization (`OnInitialized`). In certain scenarios, an already initialized component might receive new parameter values. This can happen, for example, in a master-detail view where the same component is used to render different detail views or when the `/item/{id}` route parameter changes to display a different item.
```

Consider following `ToggleExpander` component that:

* Allows you to change the state from both from inside and outside.

> * It will handle new parameter values even if the same component instance is reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Handles new parameter values even if the same component instance is reused.
```

Author: (already fixed)
